## Task 1: CSS Basics

**Prompt:**

"Define CSS and explain its role in web development. Create a simple HTML document and include a basic CSS stylesheet
that changes the background color, text color, and font size of the page. Explain each part of the CSS code and its
effect on the HTML elements."

## Task 2: Inline, Internal, and External CSS

**Prompt:**

"Explain the differences between inline, internal, and external CSS. Create an HTML page that demonstrates all three
methods. Include examples for each type, and explain the advantages and disadvantages of using each method."

## Task 3: CSS Selectors

**Prompt:**

"What are CSS selectors, and how do they work? Create an example HTML document that uses various selectors (element,
class, ID, attribute, and pseudo-classes). Provide CSS rules for each selector and explain how they target different
elements in the HTML."

## Task 4: How to Debug CSS

**Prompt:**

"Discuss common CSS issues and how to debug them. Provide a step-by-step guide on using browser developer tools to
inspect elements, identify CSS problems, and test changes live. Include a real example of a CSS issue and how you would
resolve it using debugging techniques."

## Task 5: Style on HTML

**Prompt:**

"Explain how to apply styles directly to HTML elements using the style attribute. Create an example HTML document where
specific styles are applied to elements via inline styles. Discuss the pros and cons of using inline styles compared to
external stylesheets."

## Task 6: Text and Font

**Prompt:**

"Describe how to style text and fonts in CSS. Create an example that demonstrates different text properties such as
font-family, font-size, font-weight, and text-align. Include a variety of text elements (headings, paragraphs, links) in
your HTML and style them accordingly."

## Task 7: Online Fonts and Favicon

**Prompt:**

"What are online fonts, and how can they be integrated into a website? Explain how to use Google Fonts in an HTML
document. Additionally, describe what a favicon is and how to add one to a web page. Provide examples of the HTML code
needed to implement both features."

## Task 8: Color and Background

**Prompt:**

"Explain how to apply colors and backgrounds in CSS. Create an example that demonstrates various ways to set colors (
hex, RGB, HSL) and background properties (solid color, gradient, image). Provide an HTML structure and the CSS styles
needed to achieve different effects."

## Task 9: Alignment and Display

**Prompt:**

"Discuss how to align elements in CSS and the different display properties available (block, inline, inline-block,
flex). Create an HTML document that showcases various alignment techniques, including text alignment, vertical
alignment, and the use of the display property. Explain each method used."

## Task 10: Box Model

**Prompt:**

"Define the CSS box model and its components (content, padding, border, margin). Create an example HTML layout and style
it using the box model. Provide visual examples showing how changing padding, margin, and border affects the layout and
spacing of elements."

## Task 11: Table and `<div>`

**Prompt:**

"Explain the use of tables and `<div>` elements for layout in CSS. Create an HTML document that uses both tables and
`<div>` elements to present content. Style them using CSS, and discuss when to use tables versus `<div>` elements for
layout."

## Task 12: Flexbox

**Prompt:**

"Describe the Flexbox layout model and how it simplifies responsive design. Create a responsive layout using Flexbox
that adjusts to different screen sizes. Include examples of properties like justify-content, align-items, and
flex-direction, and explain their effects on the layout."

## Task 13: Variables

**Prompt:**

"What are CSS variables (custom properties), and how do they work? Create an example that demonstrates how to define and
use CSS variables to maintain consistency in a stylesheet. Provide examples of changing the values of these variables
and explain how it affects the styles."
